Adding ES troubleshooting entry (#7043)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers-service.md

The Elasticsearch container for {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} is a standard Elasticsearch container with required plugins and configurations for {{site.data.var.ee}}.

### Troubleshooting

> On some Linux systems Elasticsearch container may not start with the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On some Linux systems, when you launch the Docker environment, the Elasticsearch service fails to start and the following error displays:
```

```bash
ERROR: [1] bootstrap checks failed
[1]: max virtual memory areas vm.max_map_count [65530] is too low, increase to at least [262144]
```

> To fix the error, adjust next value on the host machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix the error, run the following `sysctl` command to increase the memory map area allocation.
```

```bash
sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
```

> To set this value permanently, update the `vm.max_map_count` setting in `/etc/sysctl.conf`. To verify after rebooting, run `sysctl vm.max_map_count`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.procedure}
To permanently update the sysctl value for `vm.max_map_count`:

1. In the sysctl configuration file (`etc/sysctl.conf`), change the value for the `vm.max_map_count` option to the required setting.

1. Reboot your system.

1. Run the following command to verify the change.

   ```bash
   sysctl vm.max_map_count
   ```
```

The Elasticsearch container for {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} is a standard Elasticsearch container with required plugins and configurations for {{site.data.var.ee}}.

### Troubleshooting

On some Linux systems, when you launch the Docker environment, the Elasticsearch service fails to start and the following error displays:

```bash
ERROR: [1] bootstrap checks failed
[1]: max virtual memory areas vm.max_map_count [65530] is too low, increase to at least [262144]
```

To fix the error, run the following `sysctl` command to increase the memory map area allocation.

```bash
sysctl -w vm.max_map_count=262144
```

{:.procedure}
To permanently update the system setting for `vm.max_map_count`:

1. Edit the sysctl configuration file (`etc/sysctl.conf`) and set the required value for the `vm.max_map_count` option.

1. Reboot your system.

1. Run the following command to verify the change.

   ```bash

>    sysctl vm.max_map_count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   sysctl vm.max_map_count
   ```
```
